#summary Assembly Guide for Ethernet Version PropController
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Assembly Instructions =

This is in no way shape or form the only way to assemble a PropController.
Part Numbers referenced are taken from the Ethernet PropController BOM.

== Tips ==

 # Start by checking the PCB for any obvious faults, missing/broken traces, holes that aren't clear, etc.
 # Clean the PCB with Rubbing Alcohol or other PCB cleaner. (Not required, makes things a bit easier).
 # Get your parts together in order of assembly step, and insure you have the correct number of all needed.

== Assembling the Board ==

=== Power and Zero Crossing ===

 # Install four diodes (D1 - D4) P/N: 1N5817DICT-ND. The diodes have a strip (silver/grey) that must line up with the white silkscreen on the PCB.  (Insert Picture)
 # Install the two 750 Ohm 1/4W resistors (R6 - R7) P/N: 750QBK-ND. The color bands are Violet, Green, Brown, Gold. The resistors have no polarity to worry about.
 # Install the 10k Ohm 1/4W resistor (R8) P/N: 10KQBK-ND. The color bands are (Brown, Black, Orange, Gold). The resistors have no polarity to worry about.
 # Install the two 0.01uF capacitors (C2 - C3) P/N: 399-4260-ND. These capacitors have no polarity to worry about.
 # Install the 0.1uF capacitor (C13) P/N: 445-2634-ND. This capacitor has no polarity to worry about.
 # Install the 3.3 Volt Regulator (VR1) P/N: LM2937ET-3.3-ND. The regulator gets installed with the tab attached to the board with the heat-sink sandwiched in the middle. Be careful not to torque the leads too much when bending them.
 # Install the 5V Volt Regulator (VR2) P/N: 497-1404-5-ND. The regulator gets installed with the tab attached to the board with the heat-sink sandwiched in the middle. Be careful not to torque the leads too much when bending them.
 # Install the Terminal Block (J12) P/N: ED2600-ND. The terminal block gets installed with the holes facing outward.
 # Install the 2200uF capacitor (C1) P/N: P5143-ND. The capacitor _does_ have a polarity. The - - - stripe on the side of the capacitor goes into the Negative lead.
 # Install the Zero Crossing chip (VO1) P/N: H11AA1M-ND. The chip gets installed with the indent matching the silkscreen and the dot denoting pin one matching the silkscreen.

=== USB Connection (SMT Option) ===  

 # Install the USB Mini Connector (J11) P/N: 732-2109-ND
 # Install the FTDI 232 Chip (U5) P/N: 768-1007-1-ND.
 # Install the 4.7uF capacitor (C6) P/N: 445-2867-ND. This capacitor has no polarity to worry about.
 # Install the 0.1uF capacitor (C7) P/N: 445-2634-ND. This capacitor has no polarity to worry about.



<wiki:comment>
= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages
</wiki:comment>